I think I talked to quite
a little bit about this, but
let's go ahead and do this.
I talked a lot about meeting prep,
which is I'm gonna say 90% of the battle
because if you haven't done that first and
you get into the meeting, good luck.
How are your improv skills, right?
And the more nervous you are about this,
the more prep you should do.
Because if you get in there and
you get flustered then you kind
of just like you lose the room.
So on the space, and this is what I
like some of the most Meek product
managers I've seen just used some basic
tactics to kind of own the space,
but make sure that you're not
just like the timekeeper.
The person with a stopwatch in
the corner kind of keeping things going.
You wanna make sure that everyone
acknowledges that you are the person there
that is owning the space and
that you are running the meeting.
And that's just generally by saying like,
hey, we got this agenda today.
I'm gonna keep us on track where possible.
And this is, now we're getting
into my personal preferences.
Instead of passing it off to someone else,
I generally like to be
the person speaking.
That lets me control the message still.
And I'm just trying to talk about like,
if you wanna get something done,
the more you can own that space, the more
likely you are to accomplish your goals.
Not always possible, sometimes you're if
someone's gonna show a big demo off and
you don't know how to do it,
obviously don't.
Do it right?
But yeah,
a good rule of thumb is to not pass off
the presentation if you can avoid it.
Make sure the person that
helps you prepare is credited.
I'm not telling you to take credit
from anybody there's none of this is
about any of that.
This is just if you
are owning the conversation,
you get to all the words
that are said the room.
So I say soft rule there.
Well, no hard rule on the space.
Soft rule is don't pass it
off if you don't have to.
Good tangents and bad tangents.
Make sure if I mean meetings,
get derailed all the time.
I'm giving you all these rules of lhow
to not do it, it's still gonna happen.
It's still happening,
it happened to me this week, right?
And it's something that I'm very conscious
of, but there are good tangents,
there are bad tangents.
I'm not gonna tell you how to judge that.
You will generally know
yourself as I wanna go here.
I don't wanna go here, but
when you identify it's a bad tangent.
Generally say that you
can say things like, hey,
we have things left in the agenda.
Can we start an email about this?
People will respect you more if you
actually follow through on whatever
you're saying.
If you're gonna say, let's start
an email about this, start the email.
Or you can just say, hey,
we don't have time in our agenda
today about to talk about this.
If you are interested in talking about
this, can you set up some time with me or
with a person to talk about that?
And then you put the ball
back in their court,
I guarantee you they'll never do it
because no one ever does, right?
But if you own the action item,
follow up on the action item.
If you don't own the action item,
then it's not your problem.
People will respect you more if you follow
up on what you say you're gonna do.
I said this before, but I'll say it again.
Don't be afraid to interrupt anyone.
I've very rarely got some pushback saying,
like, hey,
I actually do wanna talk about this,
in which case,
if it's at this point, it becomes
basically a power dynamic, right?
Can they tell you to do that?
And can you tell them, no,
I actually wanna move on?
I will let you be the decision
maker about that.
But I'll say it just never,
it almost never happens to me.
Generally, people are pretty respectful,
like, yeah, cool, we do need to move on.
I'm gonna throw this in here,
this came from my MBA,
when we were talking about persuasion,
there's a thing called inoculation theory.
It looks like I messed up my link here.
I'll fix that by the time
this gets recorded, but
if you click IT here,
I think this is just the Wikipedia page.
It's the idea that if you know
someone's going to try and
pull your argument apart
in a particular way.
If you go through it first before
they get to bring it up first,
just the social psychology of that means
that they tend to believe you first
because you got to it
first before they did.
It's a tactic that you don't really wanna
use too frequently because frequently it
just never gets brought up.
You have a bunch of ideas of what could
happen and you're wrong about much of it.
But when you know what's really gonna
happen, it can be a useful tool of saying
like, hey, I know this person is gonna try
and pull me apart in this particular way.
Let me tell you why this is
actually an interesting what,
here's a different way of thinking
about that when you get to it first.
People tend to believe you over them.
I'm careful of applying
too much psychology and
psychological warfare in my meetings is
not generally the thing I'm trying to do.
I'm generally trying to get to
the correct decision, and so
if someone is right, I want to let them
be right, and I want to learn from that.
But sometimes you just know,
this person is stuck on this thing, and
they're gonna bring it up again,
and I don't wanna talk about it.
Let's talk about it before they get there,
it'll help.
One of the first things my persuasion
teacher said in our class is,
I'm not here to get to teach you
how to tap people into bad deals.
I'm here to talk you into or
show you how to get good deals and
I generally believe in that.
I want a good deal I don't wanna be right.
So I'll let you think more about that.
So we didn't talk about anchoring and
a bunch of stuff like I'm not here for
hardcore negotiations,
that's just not what I am and
not what you want to learn from me.